Improve README by including config example for `gh-host` flag (#335)
github/github-mcp-server: README.md

## GitHub Enterprise Server

The flag `--gh-host` and the environment variable `GITHUB_HOST` can be used to set

> the GitHub Enterprise Server hostname inculding the `https` connection schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the GitHub Enterprise Server hostname.
Prefix the hostname with the `https://` URI scheme, as it otherwise defaults to `http://` which GitHub Enterprise Server does not support.
```

``` json
"github": {
    "command": "docker",
    "args": [
    "run",
    "-i",
    "--rm",
    "-e",
    "GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN",
    "-e",
    "GITHUB_HOST",
    "ghcr.io/github/github-mcp-server"
    ],
    "env": {
        "GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN": "${input:github_token}",

>         "GITHUB_HOST": "https://your_full_domain_name_dot_com"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "GITHUB_HOST": "https://<your GHES domain name>"
```
